11\.  CONFIDENTIALITY.

11.1	Definition.  "Confidential Information" means all information disclosed by one Party ("Disclosing Party") to the other Party ("Receiving Party") in connection with the performance of this Agreement that should be considered as confidential from its nature or from the circumstances surrounding its disclosure.  Confidential Information includes, without limitation, all information disclosed by Disclosing Party and information of or relating to Disclosing Party's products, source code, object code, drawings, know-how, formulas, designs, processes, ideas, inventions and other technical, business and financial plans, processing information, pricing information, specifications, research and development information, customer lists, the identity of any customers or suppliers, forecasts and any other information relating to any work in process, future development, manufacturing plans, marketing plans, strategies, financial matters, personnel matters, present or future products, investors or business operations of Disclosing Party, as well as the terms of this Agreement.  Confidential Information shall not include information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party by the Receiving Party; (ii) was known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure through no wrongdoing of the Receiving Party; (iii) was independently developed by the Receiving Party without the use of Confidential Information; and (iv) is rightfully received from a third party not known by the Receiving Party to be under an obligation of non-disclosure.

11.2 	Use and Non-Disclosure.  The Receiving Party shall only use Disclosing Party's Confidential Information for the purpose of performing its obligations under this Agreement, and for no other purpose.  Receiving Party agrees not to disclose Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to any third party and to hold the Confidential Information in strict confidence and with the same degree of care Receiving Party uses when protecting its own Confidential Information.   Receiving Party may only share Confidential Information with its employees or representatives that have a need to know in order to assist in carrying out the Party's obligations under this Agreement.

11.3 	Required Disclosure.   If Receiving Party receives a court order, subpoena, or other request from a legal authority or governing regulatory body, and Receiving Party's legal counsel determines that disclosure of Disclosing Party's Confidential Information is required, then Receiving Party shall provide Disclosing Party with prompt written notice of the request in order to allow Disclosing Party a reasonable opportunity to seek a protective order or other means of protecting the information.   Receiving Party may only disclose Confidential Information pursuant to this Section 11.3 if Disclosing Party fails to obtain a protective order within a reasonable time from the initial request for disclosure. 

11.4	Return of the Information.  Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Receiving Party shall promptly return all Confidential Information received in connection with the transaction, or shall promptly destroy any materials containing such information (and any copies, extracts, and summaries thereof) and shall provide the Disclosing Party with written confirmation of such return or destruction upon request.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party shall not be required to destroy any automated archival backup of such Confidential Information and may keep one (1) copy of Confidential Information subject to the obligations of this Section 11 to the extent (i) such destruction is not reasonably practicable or (ii) as required by applicable law or regulation.  Each party shall be entitled to all remedies available at law or equity, including injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Section 11. The provisions of this Section 11 shall survive termination of this Agreement.