11\. Fraud. Network actively monitors traffic for fraud. Network reserves the right to suspend Publisher's account and investigate Publisher for fraudulent activity at its sole discretion pending further investigation. By way of illustration and not of limitation, Network may suspend (and later terminate) Publisher's account if Network suspects or determines that Publisher (a) generates multiple leads from the same IP address, (b) has conversion rates significantly higher than Network's average, (c) has EPC values significantly higher than Network's average, (d) places Network's or Advertiser's links on incentivized websites without Network's prior written consent, (e) fails to obtain approval for sub­publishers, or (f) generates multiple leads using proxy servers.

If Network determines that Publisher has committed fraud, the Publisher will forfeit all Publisher Fees for all programs and its account will be terminated. In addition, in the event that Publisher has already received payment resulting from fraudulent activities, Network reserves the right to seek credit or remedy from future earnings or to demand reimbursement from Publisher for all such Publisher Fees.

Fraudulent activity includes, but is not limited to, inflating the amount of events through any deceptive or misleading practice, method or technology including, but not limited to, the use of any spyware, device, programs, robots, iframes, hidden frames, redirects, spiders, computer script or other automated, artificial or fraudulent methods designed to appear like an individual, real live person performing an event. In addition, Network shall deem you to have engaged in fraudulent activity if Publisher through any action or inaction, (a) causes the referring URL to be suppressed or blank, (b) inflates or lowers the conversion rate, or (c) fails to identify all sub affiliates by populating their unique ID through the C1 variable. Publisher shall not, nor shall Publisher knowingly permit any other entity or person, to, (a) establish or cause to be established any promotion that provides any sweepstakes entries, rewards, points or other compensation to be earned in connection with generating events, or otherwise attempt to induce Internet users to click on any Creative through use of any other incentives, or (b) generate traffic in a manner other than as set forth in the applicable agreement or insertion order, in each case without obtaining our prior written approval. The foregoing merely constitutes examples of fraudulent activity and should not be taken as a comprehensive list of all possible fraudulent activity.