**5\.	Non Circumvention**

a. 	**Company Publishers**.  During the term of this Agreement Customer will not, other than a) active pre-existing contractual relationships or b) subject to first right of refusal as further described in section 5.c, knowingly engage, contract, work with, license to, enter into and/or execute any performance-based online advertising and/or marketing relationship with any publishing partner of Company, who may initially be identified to Customer by SubID or other similar identifier from either party’s tracking platform, collectively, (“Publisher”) when such Publisher promoted a Customer Campaign through Company during the term of the Agreement.

b. **Customer Clients**.  During the term of this Agreement Company will not, other than active pre-existing contractual relationships, knowingly engage, contract, work with, license to, enter into and/or execute any performance-based online advertising and/or marketing relationship with any client of Customer when Company promoted a client Campaign through Customer during the term of the Agreement.

c. **First right of refusal**: Section 5a. or 5b. shall not apply In the event that a) either party notifies the other party (“notified party”) of its intent to work directly with a Publisher or client (as applicable) and the notified party chooses not to match the proposed pricing arrangement between the notified party and Publisher or client, and (b) such circumvention does not violate any non-circumvention provision to which such Publisher or client is bound.   

d.  Each party agrees that: (i) it will not mention the other party to any potential Publisher or client as applicable without first obtaining written permission from such party; (ii) these time restrictions are reasonable; and (iii) this will not impair either party’s ability to promote or further its business.  Customer acknowledges that Company’s third party publishers are confidential information of Company and subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 11 herein.  Each party agrees that violation of this Section 5 will cause the other party  irreparable injury and thus such party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief without posting a bond or undertaking in addition to  any other remedies it may have at law or in equity.