12\.	INFORMATION AND DATA SECURITY.  

12.1	Consumer Information.  Each party understands that it may receive nonpublic personal information from consumers including but not limited to the following: full name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, social security number, and bank account information ("Consumer Information").  Each party shall maintain Consumer Information in accordance with this Section 12 of this Agreement and in compliance with all Applicable Law including but not limited to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and any implementing regulation.  Each party agrees to use industry standard best practices to protect Consumer Information.

12.2	Data Security.  Each party shall implement and maintain security measures with respect to accessing, processing, or storing Consumer Information that comply with commercially reasonable industry information security standards and Applicable Law.  Either party ("Reviewing Party") may perform reasonable information security reviews ("Reviews") on any system, application, network or site used by the other party ("Reviewed Party") in accessing, processing, or storing Consumer Information.  In addition, as part of such Review, Reviewing Party may reasonably request, and Reviewed Party shall make available, summaries of its relevant policies and procedures, such as penetration testing results, SSAE 16/SOC I and II reports, complaint resolution policies, telemarking compliance policies, disaster recovery plans, business continuity plans, insurance certificates and incident response plans. Reviewing Party shall give Reviewed Party at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice of its intent to conduct a Review.  Reviews shall be reasonable in scope, performed during Reviewed Party's normal business hours, and shall occur no more than one time during any twelve (12) month period during the Term.  Reviews shall be performed at the Reviewing Party's sole expense.  Should any Review result in the discovery of material security risks to the systems, applications, networks or sites used by the Reviewed Party in accessing, processing or storing Consumer Information, Reviewing Party shall immediately notify Reviewed Party of such risks, and Reviewed Party shall respond to Reviewing Party in writing within ten (10) business days with Reviewed Party's plan to take reasonable measures promptly to correct, repair or modify the applicable system, application, network or site to effectively eliminate the risk.  In the event that Reviewed Party is unable or unwilling to correct, repair or modify the applicable system, application, network or site to effectively eliminate the risk, Reviewing Party may immediately terminate this Agreement on written notice to Reviewed Party.  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 12.2, if a Party has a reasonable belief that the other Party's security measures present an immediate risk due to non-compliance with industry standards or Applicable Law, a Review shall be performed if requested regardless of a previous Review having taken place within the past twelve (12) months.

12.3	Data Security Incident Reporting.  Each Party shall report to the other Party all known or suspected Data Security Incidents and shall provide the following information: (i) nature and impact of the Data Security Incident; (ii) actions already taken by the affected Party; (iii) affected Party's assessment of immediate risk; and (iv) corrective measures to be taken, an evaluation of alternatives and next steps.  