10\.  INDEMNIFICATION.  

Company's Indemnification Obligations.  Company shall indemnify, defend, and hold Contractor, and its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees harmless from and against any and all suits, claims, actions or demands (each a "Claim") arising from or relating to: (i) Company's breach of a material term of this Agreement; (ii) any material security breach by Company resulting in a disclosure of Contractor data and information to an unauthorized third-party; (iii) Company's failure to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations; or (iv) any claim of infringement of any trade secret or U.S. copyright, patent, or trademark of any third-party to the extent attributable to any information or technology provided by Company.

Contractor’s Indemnification Obligations.  Contractor shall indemnify, defend, and hold Company, and its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees harmless from and against any and all suits, claims, actions or demands (each a "Claim") arising from or relating to: (i) Contractor's failure to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations; or (ii) any claim of infringement of any trade secret or U.S. copyright, patent, or trademark of any third-party to the extent attributable to any information or technology provided by Contractor.

Indemnification Procedure.  The Party claiming a right to indemnification under this Section 10 ("Indemnified Party") shall provide the other Party ("Indemnifying Party") with: (i) prompt written notice of such claim; (ii) control over the defense and settlement of such Claim, provided the Indemnified Party may, at its own option and expense, participate in the defense and settlement of any Claim through counsel of its choosing; and (iii) proper and full assistance and information required to defend or settle such Claim.  The Indemnifying Party will not settle any Claim without the consent of the Indemnified Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) unless the settlement contains a full release of the Indemnified Party, and does not require the Indemnified Party to pay any monetary amount whatsoever in connection with the Claim.